Add experiment runner (#17)
AutoResearch/autora-template: README.md

<br>

(3) **Experiment Runners**: A method that orchestrates the collecting of observations for a given set of 

> experiment conditions (this may include the recruitment of participants).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experiment conditions, which may include the recruitment of participants.<br>
```

Reviewer: sorry for the naivete, but to contribute an experiment runner is specification of the recruitment manager actually optional in some cases? or does something need to be declared, even if it's the equivalent of None/empty?

Reviewer 2: It's a good point. People may contribute experiment runners without specifying recruitment managers (they would mostly be required for behavioral experiments).

*Example: The [Firebase-Prolific Runner](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-experiment-runner-firebase-prolific) 
enables the collection of behavioral data from human participants via web-based experiments hosted on 
[Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/), using a pool of participants registered through
[Prolific](https://www.prolific.co/).* <br>

> (3a) **Recruitment Manager**: A method (or collection of methods) to orchestrate the recruitment of participants.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(3a) **Recruitment Manager**: A method (or collection of methods) to recruit participants.<br>
```

*Example: The[Prolific Recruitment Manager](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-experiment-runner-recruitment-manager-prolific)

> enables the recruitment of participants via prolific.*<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enables the recruitment of participants via Prolific.*<br>
```

> (3b) **Experimentation Manager**: A method (or collection of methods) to orchestrate the experimentation process.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(3b) **Experimentation Manager**: A method (or collection of methods) to handle the requisite experimentation processes.<br>
```
